[chore]: Mention the possibility of having multiple instances of loadbalancingexporter (#35489)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: exporter/loadbalancingexporter/README.md

* When using the `static` resolver and a target is unavailable, all the target's load-balanced telemetry will fail to be delivered until either the target is restored or removed from the static list. The same principle applies to the `dns` resolver.
* When using `k8s`, `dns`, and likely future resolvers, topology changes are eventually reflected in the `loadbalancingexporter`. The `k8s` resolver will update more quickly than `dns`, but a window of time in which the true topology doesn't match the view of the `loadbalancingexporter` remains.

> To avoid a single point of failure requests can be distributed among multiple instances of `loadbalancingexporter`. Consistent hashing mechanism will ensure a deterministic result between instances which share the same configuration and resolve an exact list of backend endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid a single point of failure, requests can be distributed among multiple Collector instances configured with the `loadbalancingexporter`. The consistent hashing mechanism will ensure a deterministic result between instances sharing the same configuration and resolve an exact list of backend endpoints.
```
